CA should only able to create Course only for his/her college.
1.) Admin, CA is able to create ,update and schedule Course.
    + Fields to create Course.
        1. Course Name.*
        2. Course Description. *
        3. Course Duration. - start date and end date.*
        4. Course Time Type - Weekly/Monthly/BiWeekly*
        5. Course Thumbnail
        6. Course to be performed in College - if admin is creating - can select multiple.
        7. Course start time.* - for CA.
        8. Course End time.* - for CA.
        9. Is Approved - to be managed by backend.
        10. College course status.
        11. Individual class description.

        NOTE: Course start time and end time is according to college, i.e each college has it's start and end time.

        When CA creates Course then it will first go for approval to admin, after admin approves Course then, All the entries of Course in given duration
        will be created.

        When Admin creates Course then it will automatically approve and go to all CA to enter start and end time of class. When CA enters start and end time
        then all entries will be created.

        After Course is created then Email and SMS notification will send to all members of attached college if Course days left is <=4

        Reminder mail will be sent 1 day before class.


2.) Admin and CA can edit the Course details.
    + Fields which can be updated.
        1. Name.
        2. Description.
        3. Course Type.
        4. Thumbnail.
        5. College List - for admin.
        6. Start time and End time - for CA.

3.) Scheduled of all classes will be done by system according to user information on course creation.
4.) there will be Soft delete for course by Admin and Active/Inactive check for individual college course - by CA and Admin both.

5.) CA can postpone and cancel the class or can Mark the course as Inactive for his college.

    1.) If CA postpone the class: There will list of upcoming scheduled classes of that course, On every individual class CA can take action of postpone.
        + When CA clicks on postpone button then a modal should open which takes the reason to postpone, start and end time and date for the class of that day.
        + After this EMail and SMS will trigger to all members of his college.

    2.) If CA cancel the class: On right side of postpone button there should be cancel button.
        + When CA clicks on this button then the "active" status of class of that day will be false.

        + After this EMail and SMS will trigger to all members of his college.
